Add example of using file to populate cloud database tables and execute sql (#1079)
fermyon/developer: content/cloud/noops-sql-db.md

$ spin cloud sqlite execute inspirational-pig "CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS todos (id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,description TEXT NOT NULL,due_date DATE,starred BOOLEAN DEFAULT 0,is_completed BOOLEAN DEFAULT 0)"
```

> If you prefer to pass in a file that contains your `.sql` syntax please use the following example:

Reviewer: This seems clearer to me: 

```suggestion
If you prefer to pass a file that contains the SQL you want execute, you can do so by prefixing the file name with an `@` like so:
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with Ryan's suggestion except for the tiny typo that there is a missing "to" in "the SQL you want execute".

> If you prefer to pass a file that contains the SQL you want execute, you can do so by prefixing the file name with an `@` like so:

Author: ```suggestion
If you prefer to pass a file that contains the SQL you want to execute, you can do so by prefixing the file name with an `@` like so:
```
